{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green58\blue158;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;
\red24\green26\blue30;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c1961\c31373\c68235;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12549\c12549\c12549;
\cssrgb\c12157\c13725\c15686;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25660\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ## \uc0\u55357 \u56628  CRITICAL (Must fix before deploy)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### C1. Phone regex misses the opening parenthesis
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `PHONE_US`\cf4 \strokec4  uses \cf2 \strokec2 `\\b`\cf4 \strokec4  before \cf2 \strokec2 `\\(?`\cf4 \strokec4 , so \cf2 \strokec2 `\\b`\cf4 \strokec4  anchors to the first digit, not the \cf2 \strokec2 `(`\cf4 \strokec4 . For input \cf2 \strokec2 `"Phone: (212) 555-1212"`\cf4 \strokec4 , the match is \cf2 \strokec2 `"212) 555-1212"`\cf4 \strokec4  \'97 the \cf2 \strokec2 `(`\cf4 \strokec4  is left unredacted, and worse, the redaction bar starts one character late, potentially leaving the area code partially visible.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/detectors/patterns.ts:88-89`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### C2. Encrypted PDFs break on mode switch in preview
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `SummaryPanel.rerunDetection()`\cf4 \strokec4  calls \cf2 \strokec2 `detectDocument(file, mode, progress)`\cf4 \strokec4  
\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 **without passing the stored password or onPassword callback**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 . If the user unlocks an encrypted PDF and then switches between Identity/Full mode, the re-detection will fail silently or crash.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/SummaryPanel.tsx:108-131`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### C3. No burn padding \'97 risk of glyph edge leaks in final output
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `burnRedactions()`\cf4 \strokec4  draws quads with exact calculated coordinates but 
\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 **no safety margin**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 . The preview overlay adds 1px padding via \cf2 \strokec2 `quadToRect()`\cf4 \strokec4 , but the final burn path does not. Combined with the proportional-width approximation in \cf2 \strokec2 `resolveMatchToQuads()`\cf4 \strokec4  (assumes equal-width glyphs), this risks leaving partial glyph edges visible at the redaction boundary. For a 
\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 **redaction tool**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 , slight over-redaction is always preferable to under-redaction.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **Files:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/redactor/burner.ts:30-43`\cf4 \strokec4 , \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/text-index.ts:316-318`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### C4. Password trimming rejects valid passwords with spaces
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `PasswordModal`\cf4 \strokec4  does \cf2 \strokec2 `passwordRef.current.trim()`\cf4 \strokec4  before submitting. PDF passwords can legally contain leading/trailing spaces. This silently corrupts such passwords.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/PasswordModal.tsx:55`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## \uc0\u55357 \u57312  IMPORTANT (Should fix before deploy)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I1. Adjacent entity merger is too aggressive
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `mergeAdjacentEntities()`\cf4 \strokec4  merges 
\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 **any same-type entities within 3 chars**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \'97 this can wrongly merge distinct values like two separate emails (\cf2 \strokec2 `a@b.com, c@d.com`\cf4 \strokec4 ), two phone numbers (\cf2 \strokec2 `555-1212 / 555-3434`\cf4 \strokec4 ), or two dollar amounts. One toggle then controls both values, and the user can't redact them independently.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/detectors/merger.ts:7-8, 166-193`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I2. jsPDF bundles 224KB of unused dependencies
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The production build includes \cf2 \strokec2 `html2canvas`\cf4 \strokec4  (202KB) and \cf2 \strokec2 `dompurify`\cf4 \strokec4  (22KB) as jsPDF transitive dependencies. These are only needed for \cf2 \strokec2 `jsPDF.html()`\cf4 \strokec4  which Local Redact never calls. This adds ~224KB raw (~56KB gzipped) to the bundle for zero functionality.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **Build output:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 ```\cb1 \
\cb3 dist/assets/html2canvas.esm-QH1iLAAe.js  202.38 kB \uc0\u9474  gzip:  47.71 kB\cb1 \
\cb3 dist/assets/purify.es-BwoZCkIS.js         22.03 kB \uc0\u9474  gzip:   8.72 kB\cb1 \
\cb3 ```\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I3. CSP/security headers delivered only via `<meta>` tags
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `X-Frame-Options`\cf4 \strokec4 , \cf2 \strokec2 `frame-ancestors`\cf4 \strokec4 , \cf2 \strokec2 `Permissions-Policy`\cf4 \strokec4 , and \cf2 \strokec2 `Referrer-Policy`\cf4 \strokec4  via \cf2 \strokec2 `<meta http-equiv>`\cf4 \strokec4  are 
\f0\b \cf5 \strokec5 **not effective**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \'97 browsers only honor these as HTTP response headers. The meta CSP itself works, but for production at \cf2 \strokec2 `localredact.app`\cf4 \strokec4 , you should configure these as real HTTP headers (Cloudflare, Netlify, etc.) and keep the meta tags as fallback only.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `index.html:7-11`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I4. Thumbnail rendering race condition on reset
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `PageNav.renderThumbnails()`\cf4 \strokec4  is async with no cancellation. If the user resets (Start over) while thumbnails are rendering, the async callback can write stale data into the signal after the new document is loaded. The \cf2 \strokec2 `onReset(clearThumbnailCache)`\cf4 \strokec4  clears the cache synchronously, but the in-flight render can re-populate it after the clear.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/PageNav.tsx:87-131`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I5. Password not cleared after successful completion
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `pdfPassword`\cf4 \strokec4  signal is only cleared on \cf2 \strokec2 `RESET`\cf4 \strokec4 . After \cf2 \strokec2 `REDACTION_COMPLETE`\cf4 \strokec4 , the password remains in memory until the user clicks "Start over" or "Redact another document." It should be cleared as soon as redaction completes.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/app/state.ts:373`\cf4 \strokec4  (only cleared in resetState, not in REDACTION_COMPLETE)\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I6. Entity counter never resets between documents in production
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `entityCounter`\cf4 \strokec4  is a module-level mutable that only resets via \cf2 \strokec2 `resetEntityCounter()`\cf4 \strokec4  (exported for testing). In production, IDs accumulate across documents (\cf2 \strokec2 `entity-1`\cf4 \strokec4 , \cf2 \strokec2 `entity-2`\cf4 \strokec4 , ... \cf2 \strokec2 `entity-500`\cf4 \strokec4 ). Not a functional bug, but sloppy and could mask debugging issues. Should reset on each detection run.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/pipeline/detect-document.ts:247-257`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I7. `console.log` left in production code
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `resetState()`\cf4 \strokec4  logs \cf2 \strokec2 `'LocalRedact: cleanup complete \'97 ...'`\cf4 \strokec4  on every reset. This should be removed before production \'97 it leaks operational details and clutters the console.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/app/state.ts:382`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I8. Raw error messages exposed in FooterBar
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `FooterBar.handleDownload()`\cf4 \strokec4  passes \cf2 \strokec2 `err.message`\cf4 \strokec4  directly to the user on redaction failure. Unlike \cf2 \strokec2 `DropScreen`\cf4 \strokec4  which has \cf2 \strokec2 `sanitizeError()`\cf4 \strokec4 , this path can leak internal file paths, PDF.js parser errors, or jsPDF internals to the user.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/FooterBar.tsx:78-81`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### I9. `READY` state missing from spec implementation
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The spec defines 6 states: \cf2 \strokec2 `IDLE, LOADING, NEEDS_REVIEW, READY, PROCESSING, DONE`\cf4 \strokec4 . The code only implements 5 (uses \cf2 \strokec2 `NEEDS_REVIEW`\cf4 \strokec4  for both review and ready). This works because download readiness is derived from \cf2 \strokec2 `uncertainCount === 0`\cf4 \strokec4 , but it's an undocumented spec deviation. Either update the spec or add \cf2 \strokec2 `READY`\cf4 \strokec4  as a state.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ## \uc0\u55357 \u57313  MINOR (Nice to fix, not blockers)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M1. `browser-check.ts` uses `innerHTML` with hardcoded string
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Safe since the string is constant, but it establishes an innerHTML pattern that could become a future XSS sink if anyone adds dynamic content. Should use DOM API.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/browser-check.ts:10-14`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M2. Position-only text item deduplication may drop real content
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `deduplicateItems()`\cf4 \strokec4  deduplicates by position only (x, y, width, height), ignoring text content. This can discard legitimate text items in PDFs with OCR overlays, accessibility layers, or bold/overlay rendering.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/text-index.ts:66-84`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M3. `resetState()` zeroes ALL canvases in the document
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `document.querySelectorAll('canvas')`\cf4 \strokec4  is too global \'97 it would affect any canvas not owned by the app (unlikely but fragile). Should track app-owned canvases explicitly.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/app/state.ts:351-358`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M4. `renderPage` doesn't get a 2D context \'97 relies on caller
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The rasterizer's \cf2 \strokec2 `renderPage()`\cf4 \strokec4  passes \cf2 \strokec2 `\{ canvas, viewport \}`\cf4 \strokec4  to \cf2 \strokec2 `page.render()`\cf4 \strokec4  without getting a context. PDF.js internally calls \cf2 \strokec2 `canvas.getContext('2d')`\cf4 \strokec4 . This works but means if the context is already acquired with different settings (e.g., \cf2 \strokec2 `willReadFrequently`\cf4 \strokec4 ), the internal call could fail silently.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/redactor/rasterizer.ts:80-84`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M5. No `rel="noopener noreferrer"` on some external links
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The GitHub link in \cf2 \strokec2 `DropScreen`\cf4 \strokec4  has \cf2 \strokec2 `rel="noopener"`\cf4 \strokec4  but not \cf2 \strokec2 `noreferrer`\cf4 \strokec4 . Minor, but for a security-conscious app, \cf2 \strokec2 `noreferrer`\cf4 \strokec4  is appropriate.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/DropScreen.tsx:428-433`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M6. No `aria-live` region for state transitions
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Screen readers won't announce when the app moves between states (drop \uc0\u8594  processing \u8594  preview \u8594  done). Adding \cf2 \strokec2 `aria-live="polite"`\cf4 \strokec4  to the main content area would improve accessibility.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M7. Keyboard Tab override blocks standard tab navigation
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `PreviewScreen`\cf4 \strokec4  captures all \cf2 \strokec2 `Tab`\cf4 \strokec4  key presses to cycle uncertain entities, preventing standard tab navigation for keyboard-only users. Should use a modifier key (e.g., \cf2 \strokec2 `Alt+N`\cf4 \strokec4  or a dedicated button) instead.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/components/PreviewScreen.tsx:33-35`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M8. ITIN regex gap at middle-digit 93 (correct but undocumented)
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 The regex correctly excludes middle-digit 93 (matching IRS rules), but the spec doc says "90-92, 94-99" without explicitly calling out that 93 is invalid. The code is correct; the spec should clarify.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M10. No `<meta name="robots">` tag
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Not critical for a SPA, but adding \cf2 \strokec2 `<meta name="robots" content="index, follow">`\cf4 \strokec4  would be good SEO practice since you want this discoverable.\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ---
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 ### M11. DPI fallback test mode accessible in production
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 `isDpiFallbackTestEnabled()`\cf4 \strokec4  checks URL params in production, meaning anyone can trigger simulated failures via \cf2 \strokec2 `?dpi-fallback-test=true`\cf4 \strokec4 . Should be gated behind \cf2 \strokec2 `import.meta.env.DEV`\cf4 \strokec4 .\cb1 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf5 \cb3 \strokec5 **File:**
\f1\b0 \cf4 \strokec4  \cf2 \strokec2 `src/core/redactor/rasterizer.ts:22-29`\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
}